Now there's not only the map object.
There's also the week map object.
And we created simply by using the map object so I just append prepend weight to my map here and.
Well let's see if it works this saves or it leaves the rest of the code and changed.
I set my values and then loop through my map here.
What do you think we'll see if I had run.
You see you would get an error.
And that's certainly strange because the only thing I changed is I added this week thing here but it
seems to tell me that I use an invalid key.
Now the reason for this error is that in a weak map your key may only be a javascript object.
It may not be a primitive like a string like we're using it here.
So a string is a key doesn't work.
Of course that's certainly strange to why wouldn't you be able to use that.
Why does it have to be an object.
Not adopting a bit strange to be used as a key.
The reason for this behavior is a weak map is called weak map not pe cause it's the weak dumb word you
know which can't use strings but because it holds weak references tudy entries in the map.
This in turn means that Ada is able to get rid of those entries if they're not used anymore.
For your code so they can be garbage collected for dead behavior however it needs to have reference
types.
ASCII is because those reference types are to one getting garbage collected and by the way are of course
the ones which would take up more memory probably.
So garbage collection on the apprehension to quick note on this point here is the fact that Chubb's
script or the browser running Javascript.
So the environment executing child script will go over from your code and when it's cold runs when your
application is running then it will identify which object your code aren't used anymore.
In order to get rid of them in the memory of course.
So to free up some space in the memory that's garbage collection.
Now if you store it and object in let's say an array or in a map here then this theoretically is not
available to be cleaned up because it's still stored and it doesn't really know if you're accessing
it again or it can't really really said and therefore the map allows to do just that by using objects
as keys.
It makes sure that a team can keep track of those keys of those objects of if those objects are used
any more in your code.
If you're trying to let's say get an item by key by this object key somewhere in the code.
In this case it would leave it be.
But if you're not using this key anymore this object.
Well then if there is you're probably not fetching this anymore because you're not using it and therefore
it's able to just delete this entry from the map.
So on its own it kind of alters your map.
And while this sounds dangerous it of course is handled by javascript and probably handled well.
And of course it frees up memory.
It improves the performance of your application and takes off some work.
You are wise should do we're managing the resource is something you would have to do otherwise.
So that's the advantage of map performance increase garbage collection.
The discipline of course is we have to use objects as keys and it's also not enumerable which means
we can't loop through it.
The reason for it is of course is that we don't know the size of it.
Javascript itself doesn't know the size because it doesn't know how it will look like at a certain stage
during code execution because some items might have been deleted.
Therefore looping is not possible.
But of course it is possible to get items with a key as or with an object like you because you can be
sure that this object won't have been deleted or garbage collected.
Since you're using it right now and that is what javascript is looking out for are you using this object
someplace in your code.
If you were doing so well then it's safe to use it because it wouldn't get to lead by a script.
So kind of this circular thing to think about.
Love talking so let's have a look.
I'll just create two key objects here real quick key one will just be an object where a map to one and
then we have key one execute excuse me where we have B to something like that.
And then of course here I use q one.
And here I use two and then.
Well if I run this it will still get an error of course because I said we can't loop through it because
it doesn't have this iterator symbol because it is not writable.
But if I get rid of this and instead I print this console log deck get be one.
What do you think.
I'll now get if I hit run.
Well I get my OB checked because that's what I explained.
The Optik will still be there because I'm using it here so it's not getting garbage collected.
But I can't use the size property or the for off loop because it's not able to look through it because
it might have changed since you started your application last week map and why you might want to use
Week by week.
Map